you guys I'm a surrogate for my two best
friends that's really cool
I couldn't never do that oh you know
people say that all the time but I'm
like no I think you could just told us
the good news mom saw a house Nate jess
is only attracted to emotionally
unavailable men
if it's a girl we were thinking of
calling her Sarah what do you think so
they're not paying you know they'd be
weird and they're gonna be great debts
the test came back positive for Down
syndrome
I think feels like the right decision
[Music]
look I know that this is now why you
playing I'm having a kid with Down
syndrome it requires a lot
do you guys have any questions I guess
you guys could just tell us what you
wish you knew before is everything okay
so we've been talking and I don't know
if I'm having this child we can do this
if you sacrifice your work you will
regret it mom I'm not happy there I want
you to actually think about this choice
Jess it's still me we deserve to try and
have a kid who's perfect
[Music]